[Music]
whoo-hoo check it out how do you love a
new personality test you know we all
turn into completely different people
when we fall in love and believe it or
not our general love pattern doesn't
really change making our love life
either incredibly happy or utterly
miserable so what's your love style and
how does it affect your romantic life
this quick test will give you all the
answers before you find out who you are
in love be sure to hit the subscribe
button and click this little
notification bell right here to join us
on the bright side of life okay so the
rules of this test are pretty simple I
will ask you eight questions and give
you five completely different answer
options under the letter ABCD and wait
for it e your job is to answer honestly
and keep track of the letters you choose
so you might have a pen and paper handy
at the end your most frequently used
letter will reveal exactly how you love
so are you ready then let's begin
question number one how do you usually
express your love a I'm not that big
with words to be honest I think my
partner already understands that I
picked them for a reason B just by
saying I love you as much as I can see
by cozying up with my significant other
and spending quality time with them D I
prefer to show my love instead of
talking about it after all words are
completely useless if they're not
confirmed by actions right e I often
give them surprising little gifts and
try to do everything I can to make my
partner as happy as they can be
[Music]
question number two when you fight with
your partner you a leave the room or
even the house I need some time to cool
off and they need some time to
understand that I'm actually right here
B scream cry and let it all out C try to
lighten the mood and reduce the conflict
D attempt to calm down and figure
everything out without drama e talk it
through and try to understand how your
significant other is feeling question
number three how long does it take for
you to get over someone a a couple of
days if it didn't work out then it
didn't work out B I usually don't accept
the break-up right away and try to do
everything to get my partner back C no
more than a month I let myself go
through this tough period but I don't
allow myself to drown and sadness and
despair D between 1 and 3 months
I take relationships pretty seriously so
I need time to get the person out of my
mind eat from months two whole years I
fall in love rarely but deeply
[Music]
question number four your happiest
moments involve a the biggest surprises
and coolest gifts you've received be
your biggest success and victories see
new adventures dee quiet and cozy
moments with your family and friends e
making others happy and inspired
[Music]
question number five do you keep in
touch with your exes a of course not I
don't want to see them ever again be no
but I kind of follow their life on
social media so I know how they're doing
see we sometimes message each other
jokes and memes but that's about it
d with some of them yes all bad things
stay in the past so it's alright e sure
they're all great people and I'm very
thankful for all the memories we shared
together
[Music]
question number six what do you crave
most in your relationships a admiration
I want my partner to absolutely adore me
be attention
I can't do it if I don't feel loved see
fun there's nothing worse than boring
and dull relationships d companionship
the most important thing for me is to
create a unit with somebody II
connection I want to be with someone who
understands and fully accepts me
[Music]
question number seven your partner
really messed up and now they have to do
something to make it up to you what
would make you forgive them eh
a romantic dinner with candles on the
rooftop
I really appreciate big gestures B to be
honest I don't think that my partner is
even capable of making me upset they're
perfect C preparing a fun adventure for
both of us that will always remember D I
can easily forgive them when I realize
that they've truly learned their lesson
and understood where they went wrong II
just sincerely saying they're sorry and
admitting that what they did was wrong
[Music]
question number eight how do you feel
when you're single a I've never been
alone for long so I have no idea to be
honest be awful I hate being single see
all right
when it happens it happens life still
goes on right D it's okay I have more
time to focus on my goals and
self-improvement e great I love being in
a relationship but the quality of my
life definitely doesn't depend on it
[Music]
and the test is complete counter A's B's
C's DS and E's and come back to find
your results if the majority of your
answers are AIDS you're a living example
of the unhealthy self-love pattern to
put it simply you'll mostly love
yourself the way you love somebody and
their love for you in a relationship at
this point you're not ready to give
somebody your time without receiving
anything in return you have to be
praised and admired
however the good news is that this
pattern of narcissistic self-love can be
transformed into healthy self-love if
you make an effort healthy self-love
isn't about being the center of the
relationship it's about having a clear
understanding of who you are and what
your boundaries are try to work on this
and your relationships will shift from
flings and temporary affairs to a
serious connection and true love if
you're a fan of the B answers you're all
about obsessive love as you can probably
guess that's no good either
you need validation in your
relationships and you are prepared to go
far to get it moreover you have a hard
time trusting your partner which is why
you can be possessive jealous and
codependent of course no relationship
can survive this poisonous environment
for long so you rarely develop a
long-lasting bond with somebody it may
sound like a nightmare to you but if you
want to get out of this pattern you have
to spend some time alone you need to
understand who you are and learn how to
be your own person before you start to
build a healthy unit with somebody else
otherwise you'll keep changing yourself
for every partner you fall in love with
and lose yourself completely
if the answers under the letter C were
your go-to options you're big on playful
love there's nothing you enjoy more than
new adventures experiences and memories
and that's exactly what you expect from
a relationship the classic rom-com
scenario of two people playing hating
and teasing each other until they fall
in love is your idea of a happy
relationship you want someone who will
challenge you and spice things up every
now and that since boredom really kills
you but the problem is that a romantic
relationship can't be fun and games all
the time as you become closer your love
becomes more mature and calm and there's
a certain beauty in that to learn to
find and appreciate new sides of your
growing relationship instead of running
away for that new honeymoon phase with
another person you'll see your romantic
life blossoming in no time if your
answers mostly consist of DS realistic
love is your everything you behave
incredibly maturely in love and know
exactly when you need to be patient
intolerant you're a person of action and
strong declarations of love really don't
impress you it's your partner's behavior
that truly counts nonetheless even an
outstanding partner like you has certain
issues in relationships and the main one
is seriousness for you the honeymoon
phase isn't that important as you're
looking for a strong bond rather than
romantic memories but you don't realize
how much you're missing try not to take
your relationship for granted and never
forget to keep it exciting and
interesting no matter how amazing your
connection is a predictable routine can
easily destroy it over time and finally
if you chose answer a the most
congratulations you're one of the rare
examples of people with a selfless love
pattern this love style is considered to
be the highest form of love you're not
one to have tons of crushes you fall in
love hard and are always ready to give
your partner everything without
came for anything back your
relationships aren't about you or your
partner they're about unity connection
and being a team you strive to
understand and know your significant
other and that's what helps you form
this unique and priceless connection
keep doing what you do just don't forget
about yourself in the relationship you
deserve somebody who will give you that
feeling of ultimate understanding and
comfort in return so don't waste your
time on selfish and entitled people so
what result did you get tell us in the
comment section below don't forget to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and click Subscribe yeah
stay on the bright side
you